The CliSK library is design specifically to facilitate communication between the content script (what's injected in the webview to navigate or manipulate ) and the launcher for CliSK konnectors. It provides essential tools for both sides of the interaction.

#### Installation

Nothing to do here, if you are starting your CliSK development with the `template_ccc`, everything is ready to go, simply ensure that you have ran `yarn` to install all needed dependencies for your project.

####  Module structure

##### Contentscript

The role of this module runs inside the browser context, typically injected into the web pages. It provides utilities for :

- interacting with the DOM (extracting or manipulating data)
- detecting when page is fully loaded
- serialising data or errors
- sending message to the launcher

It's main responsibility is to enable browser-side scripts to communicate reliably with the konnector's backend.

It is used to scrape the web pages, extract data or report client-side errors to the launcher.
##### Launcher

The role of the launcher is to listen for messages from the `contentscript` and decide how to process them (e.g. store, parse, trigger workflows ...)

It's main responsibility is to handle incoming message from the browser and orchestrate the konnector's execution

On a typical use case it will receive invoices or files data extracted by the `contentscript` and upload them to the cozy instance. 
##### Bridge

The role of this module is to handle underlying communication logic between the `contentscript` and the `launcher` . It abstract message passing, serialisation, error handling etc ...

It's main responsibility is to provide an API for message exchange between the browser the cozy app, while managing all the low-level logic under the hood.

It's typical use case is to send a structured request from the browser context and wait for a response from the backend or vice versa.